Minor formatting and wording changes to documentation (#84)
pitch-io/uix: docs/interop-with-react.md

  "press me")
```

When a non-UIx component is passed into `$`, the props map is converted into JS object using the following set of rules:

1. kebab-cased keys are automatically converted into camel-cased keys.

>    - Similarly toprops in a DOM element, the following keys are renamed into their React counterparts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Similarly to props in a DOM element, the following keys are renamed into their React counterparts:
```
